ready but they're not setting sail the
aid has been loaded but the
International Freedom flua has faced
what organizers say are administrative
roadblocks initiated by Israel the lead
ship act Denis Bears the flag of the
Republic of gim basau organizers say
there's been pressure to have the flag
removed and stop the vessel from
departing Israel is sending message to
the European countries about the their
Nations to to be participants on the
ship and creating challenges for them
and also sending a lot of message to the
Turkish government to create a challenge
from the Port Authorities isma's father
was on the freedom FL Tilla 14 years ago
he was one of the nine people killed by
the Israeli military when they barded
the maavi marmara wayer ARA was on the
ftill in 2010 Israel continues to deny
the entry of life-saving aid for
Palestinians and we can't just sit by
while our governments do nothing
effectively to change the realities and
so we plan to sail with this life-saving
aid but also to confront and challenge
Israel's Siege on the civilian
population but she will now have to wait
no one here knows for how long un
experts had demanded the safe passage
for the freedom filla calling on Israel
to adhere to international law including
recent orders from the international
court of justice to ensure unimpeded
access for humanitarian Aid activists
have now been told to return to their
home countries until the filla is ready
to leave nobody knows how long that will
take or if it will depart for Gaza with
the obstructions and political pressure
work remains to be seen but for now the
5,500 tons of humanitarian Aid will
remain here and there will not be a
challenge to the Israeli Siege of Gaza
Assad B Al jaaz Istanbul
tur make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer